Feature/785 documentation metadata (#806)
eclipse/ditto: documentation/src/main/resources/pages/ditto/protocol-specification.md

| `requested-acks` | Defines which [acknowledgements](basic-acknowledgements.html) are requested for a command processed by Ditto. | `JsonArray` of `String` - default: `["twin-persisted"]` |
| `timeout` | Defines how long the Ditto server should wait, e.g. applied when waiting for requested acknowledgements. | `String` - e.g.: `42s` or `250ms` or `1m` - default: `60s`|
| `version` | Determines in which schema version the `payload` should be interpreted. | `Number` - currently: \[1,2\] |

> | `metadata` | Determines which metadata information is stored in the thing. | `JsonArray` of `String` - default: `` |

Reviewer: Is the data type correct? It's actually JsonArray of at least Object? Maybe MetadataEntry? It's a complex datatype after all

Author: You are absolutely right. @thjaeckle can you comment on the exact type. I have to few knowledge about dittos type system :/

Reviewer 2: First, "metadata" is the wrong header key. It must be "put-metadata".
The data type is JsonArray of JsonObjects containing a "key" with the value being a JsonString and a "value" with the value being a JsonValue (any valid json value should work here, also arrays, objects).

> | `put-metadata` | Determines which Metadata information is stored in the thing. | `JsonArray` of `JsonObject`s - default: `[]` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `put-metadata` | Determines which Metadata information is stored in the thing. | `JsonArray` of `JsonObject`s containing [metadata](basic-metadata.html) to apply. |
```

The interaction between the headers `response-required`, `requested-acks` and `timeout` is documented
[here](basic-acknowledgements.html#interaction-between-headers).

> More information of the Metadata management of Ditto and predefined Metadata-Keys can be found [here](basic-metadata.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
